hey what's going on YouTube this your
local Chavez and I am here with another
informative knife review and we're
actually not going to do a knife review
more or less a comparison between two of
my favorite large EDC folders and first
off we have the SOG flash 2 in sight L
handle and we also have the Ontario rat
1 folder and these are two classic
knives that I think every knife
collector should have and let me go
ahead and start out with some specs on
these knives first off this one is the
SOG flash two is eight inches the
Ontario is eight point six inches open
the they are both full flat ground
blades as you can see full flat ground
on both blades really nice the blade
blank on them is just about identical
three and a half inches they're both
hace blades which i think is pretty good
steel except for the Ontario I'd I went
for the black blade which I love black
blades the SOG flash to it does come in
lighter at 3.1 ounces it has the diamond
non-slip non-slip sitel handle and this
one in particular is in camo as you can
see and then we have the g10 black
handles on the Ontario and that's also a
great great handle two for a folder I
love both of them and the pocket are let
me go into the locks actually here first
the lock on the flash 2 is a our clock
and I really like this lock and this
also has the s80
sog assisted are ya sog assisted opening
I believe is what it is and then this
has a liner lock with the it's not quite
as fast as the SOG there but as you can
see it's definitely and it's pretty
decent for for a manual folder i would
say and then going on on the specs here
the the clips I love the clip on the SOG
flash too I definitely think it is
superior to the clip on the Ontario rat
1 and this thing it just rides deep in
your pocket as everybody knows I don't
know if everybody that's watching this
is handled a sog flash 2 or a SOG flash
1 by that point but out of the two
between the solid flash one and the SOG
plush too I definitely think the SOG
flash 2 is a superior or knife the SOG
flash one I swear it just seems more
genki than this one and I definitely
like the SOG flash to better now the
Ontario it is definitely definitely a
more sturdy knife you can feel the
happiness in this thing and boy does it
cut better I think that it cuts a lot
better than this sog flash too and also
too I don't know if you guys can see
that but i had to repro file the blade
on this saag flash to it didn't it came
out of a box pretty much dull and irie
profiled it myself which I'm not the
greatest sharpener I don't know if you
guys can see that very well but I repro
filed it myself and turned out okay now
on to the price point the price point on
these knives is a lot
not a lot different but about double
this one's about this one was about $52
I think and this one was 25 so an
all-around comparison and using the
knife I could definitely feel this one
more in my pocket so I think for EDC the
SOG is definitely going to win for a
tactical defender I definitely think the
SOG is faster lighter and that
definitely wins too but as far as a good
blade sharpness and a quality knife for
the high-value knife for the money the
Ontario is my pic and this thing is
definitely definitely going in my
camping bag or also on my bug-out bag or
shit hits the fan bag if I need to you
know have a knife on me that I know that
can chop something up this is going to
be the knife I really like the blade
profile on this knife to how it kind of
swoops up like that and i love the
randall designs and you know i just i
just loved the way that he makes his
knives now as far is the price too I
definitely think that sog could come
down on this I think I mean sog you mate
you guys make great stuff but you guys
could come down on this and also to on
the on the flash one I think that you
guys could definitely come down eglise a
good ten dollars I'm thinking forty
dollars for this night is a perfect
price point and I'm in you know I mean I
I definitely like the neck like I'm I
definitely would not buy the flash one I
don't know if you guys heard my story or
if I even if I put that video up yet but
you know I was I was going to get the
flash one you know to go along with that
one they ended up getting this knife and
said this Kershaw skyline and i'm going
to say for the price
this thing definitely outweighs that sog
flash one and I haven't had the sog
flash one but this thing is amazing
anyways back to the point um as far as
carrying these things I'm going to go
ahead and say like I said sog flash too
as far as actually durability and usage
i'm going to say the rat one folder so
i'm going to go ahead and give these
guys a even i'm going to say get both of
them because they're both awesome knives
and they both win in my book guys so
anyways I just wanted to let you share
with you guys some my views on these
knives go ahead and take care and have a
Merry Christmas take care